Whom would you love to date amongst the people in this room?
When was the first time you fell in love and with whom?
What has been the most embarrassing moment you've experienced so far?
Tell us about your secret fantasy.
Who do you like the least in this room?
Would you kiss the person next to you?
What turns you on the most?
Have you ever cheated on your partner?
What is the most sensual piece of clothing you own?
What attracts you to a person of the opposite sex?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
When was the first time you kissed someone? Who was it?
Have you got a secret talent?
Pick one person from this room you'd like to exchange your girlfriend/boyfriend with!
What is the wildest thing you have ever done in your life so far?
Whom would you like to marry from amongst the group in this room and why?
What is the most annoying thing about your boyfriend/girlfriend?
Have you ever had a crush on someone in this room?
What is the one thing you hate about your best friend?
What is your worst fear?
If you had the chance to be reborn as someone else, which person would you choose from this room and why?
Have you ever lied to your boyfriend/girlfriend?
If you were to win a lottery and you had to give it away to someone from this group, who would it be and why?
If you were locked up in a room with a person from this room, whom would you choose and why?
Is there something about you (a habit, a trait, etc.) that irritates other people?
When was the first time you lied to your parents and what was the lie?
Who has presented you with the worst birthday gift so far and what was it?
Who is the most shabbily dressed person in this room?
Have you ever had a crush on your best friend?
What do you not like about the person sitting on your right?
What was the lowest grade you received in school and for which subject?
If you had 24 hours to live, what would you like to do?
Have you ever thought of dating any of your partner's friends?
What is the meanest thing you have ever done?
Who do you think is the sexiest person in this room?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Do you shower everyday?
With whom would you like to be marooned on an island and why?
How many tattoos do you have and where?
Would you kiss someone on the first date?
Tell us about an incident you regret today.
If you were granted two wishes, what would you ask for?
Have you ever given cheating a serious thought?
Tell us one thing you hate about the way you were brought up.
Do you stalk people on social media?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever eaten?